[Doc]rename configuartion to take charge of all query-trigger tasks (#56544)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/administration/management/FE_configuration.md

- Description: The maximum number of rows to collect for a histogram.
- Introduced in: -

##### connector_table_query_trigger_task_schedule_interval

- Default: 30
- Type: Int
- Unit: Second
- Is mutable: Yes

> - Description: The interval at which the Scheduler thread schedules to query-trigger tasks. We changed `connector_table_query_trigger_analyze_schedule_interval` to this which takes charge of all background tasks. The background tasks are `ANALYZE` in v3.4.x，and in versions after 3.4, the collection task of low-cardinality columns' dictionary is added.  

Author: Let me talk about it with Document Team

> - Description: The interval at which the Scheduler thread schedules to query-trigger tasks. We changed `connector_table_query_trigger_analyze_schedule_interval` to this which takes charge of all background tasks. The background tasks are `ANALYZE` in v3.4.x，and in versions after 3.4, the collection task of low-cardinality columns' dictionary is added.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description: The interval at which the Scheduler thread schedules the query-trigger background tasks. This item is to replace `connector_table_query_trigger_analyze_schedule_interval` introduced in v3.4.0. Here, the background tasks refer `ANALYZE` tasks in v3.4，and the collection task of low-cardinality columns' dictionary in versions later than v3.4.  
```
